Dev environment docs fixes (#870)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/development/docker-compose-advanced-use-cases.md

- Using environment variables such as `INVOKE_NAUTOBOT_PYTHON_VER`; the variables are prefixed with `INVOKE_NAUTOBOT_` and must be uppercase; note that Invoke does not presently support environment variable overriding of list properties such as `compose_files`.
- Using an `invoke.yml` file (see [`invoke.yml.example`](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/blob/main/invoke.yml.example))

## Working with Docker Compose

The files related to the Docker development environment can be found inside of the `development` directory at the root of the project.

In this directory you'll find the following core files:

- `docker-compose.build.yml` - Docker compose override file used to start/build the production docker images for local testing.
- `docker-compose.debug.yml` - Docker compose override file used to start the Nautobot container for use with [Visual Studio Code's dev container integration](#microsoft-visual-studio-code-integration).
- `docker-compose.dev.yml` - Docker compose override file used to mount the Nautobot source code inside the container at `/source` and the `nautobot_config.py` from the same directory as `/opt/nautobot/nautobot_config.py` for the active configuration.

> - `docker-compose.yml` - Docker service containers and their relationships to the Nautobot container

Reviewer: Seems like maybe the base `docker-compose.yml` should be listed first, before the various override files?

- `dev.env` - Environment variables used to setup the container services
- `nautobot_config.py` - Nautobot configuration file

> In addition to the development environment the `Dockerfile` which is used to build the Nautobot containers is located in the `docker` directory at the root of the project.  The development container is actually used to install the development tools necessary to build the packages which are used to install Nautobot in the production image as a separate build stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the `development` directory, additional non-development-specific Docker-related files are located in the `docker` directory at the root of the project.
```
